I can't believe this I live here now
yeah going up in the world I'm proud of
you look at this creature I keep a
secret
what's this it's my book JT Leroy how is
this game so JT's like your pen name
more like my avatar the book is doing
really well
people need to hate him now when I first
saw you I thought you look like him
huh you've got all these cells inside of
you explore them
a Hollywood producer wants to make Sarah
into a movie so good to finally meet you
did you get that book I sent you why do
you keep answering for him he's a deaf
mute you establish yourself as someone
else lady you're here at last and nobody
even notices you sound like a woman to
me but you insist you are a man oh you
really who you say you are are you
really who you say you are I can't
really tell are you a man you're as much
a part of JT as me I just wanted to tell
you how much your work means to me it's
super real for some people you know fun
she doesn't want you she wants some
rights to the movie funded every time
you come back from being JT I'm running
a piece about Savannah I look strikingly
like mr. Leroy I'm not gonna do it
anymore
this is because of my writing not really
quitting her team your song and if you
would have
[Music]
understand
nobody gives you anything you have to
take it
please tell me you are who you say
[Music]
understand